README.md, before:

[![Contributors][contributors-shield]][contributors-url]
        [![Forks][forks-shield]][forks-url]
        [![Stargazers][stars-shield]][stars-url]
        [![Issues][issues-shield]][issues-url]
        [![MIT License][license-shield]][license-url]
        [![LinkedIn][linkedin-shield]][linkedin-url]
        
<!-- TITLE -->
<h1>NOUNSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS</h1>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details open="open">
    <summary><h2 style="display: inline-block">Table of Contents</h2></summary>
    <ol>
    <li>
        <a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a>
        <ul>
        <li><a href="#built-with">Built With</a></li>
        </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
        <a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a>
        <ul>
        <li><a href="#prerequisites">Prerequisites</a></li>
        <li><a href="#installation">Installation</a></li>
        </ul>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#usage">Usage</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contributing">Contributing</a></li>
    <li><a href="#license">License</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>
    </ol>
</details>



<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## About The Project

[![Product Name Screen Shot][product-screenshot]](https://example.com)


### Built With

* []()
* []()
* []()



<!-- GETTING STARTED -->
## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple steps.

### Prerequisites

This is an example of how to list things you need to use the software and how to install them.
* npm
    ```sh
    npm install npm@latest -g
    ```

### Installation

1. Clone the repo
    ```sh
    git clone https://github.com/github_username/repo_name.git
    ```
2. Install NPM packages
    ```sh
    npm install
    ```



<!-- USAGE EXAMPLES -->
## Usage

Use this space to show useful examples of how a project can be used. Additional screenshots, code examples and demos work well in this space. You may also link to more resources.

_For more examples, please refer to the [Documentation](https://example.com)_





<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->
## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to be learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request



<!-- LICENSE -->
## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE` for more information.



<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact

Your Name - [@twitter_handle](https://twitter.com/twitter_handle) - email

Project Link: [https://github.com/github_username/repo_name](https://github.com/github_username/repo_name)




<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
<!-- https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links -->
[contributors-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/github_username/repo.svg?style=for-the-badge
[contributors-url]: https://github.com/github_username/repo/graphs/contributors
[forks-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/github_username/repo.svg?style=for-the-badge
[forks-url]: https://github.com/github_username/repo/network/members
[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/github_username/repo.svg?style=for-the-badge
[stars-url]: https://github.com/github_username/repo/stargazers
[issues-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/github_username/repo.svg?style=for-the-badge
[issues-url]: https://github.com/github_username/repo/issues
[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/github_username/repo.svg?style=for-the-badge
[license-url]: https://github.com/github_username/repo/blob/master/LICENSE.txt
[linkedin-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-black.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&colorB=555
[linkedin-url]: https://linkedin.com/in/github_username

Commit message:

README generates with user inputs

README.md, after:

[![Contributors][contributors-shield]][contributors-url]
        [![Forks][forks-shield]][forks-url]
        [![Stargazers][stars-shield]][stars-url]
        [![Issues][issues-shield]][issues-url]
        [![MIT License][license-shield]][license-url]
        [![LinkedIn][linkedin-shield]][linkedin-url]
        
<!-- TITLE -->
### <h1>Professional README Generator</h1>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details open="open">
    <summary><h2 style="display: inline-block">Table of Contents</h2></summary>
    <ol>
    <li>
        <a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a>
        <ul>
        <li><a href="#built-with">Built With</a></li>
        </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
        <a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a>
        <ul>
        <li><a href="#prerequisites">Prerequisites</a></li>
        <li><a href="#installation">Installation</a></li>
        </ul>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#usage">Usage</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contributing">Contributing</a></li>
    <li><a href="#license">License</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>
    </ol>
</details>



<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## About The Project

I aim to provide a simple way to create a README that covers all of the bases that a readme should be covering.


### Built With

* []()
* []()
* []()



<!-- GETTING STARTED -->
## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple steps.
Test this project on your own machine, using a code editor of your choice

### Prerequisites

This is an example of how to list things you need to use the software and how to install them.
* npm
    ```sh
    npm install npm@latest -g
    ```

### Installation

1. Clone the repo
    ```sh
    git clone https://github.com/github_username/repo_name.git
    ```
2. Install NPM packages
    ```sh
    npm install
    ```



<!-- USAGE EXAMPLES -->
## Usage

Use this project to create a README that contains all of the necessary information for using a repo.





<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->
## Contributing

### Current Contributors: 
<ol>Me</ol>

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to be learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request



<!-- LICENSE -->
## License

MIT


<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact

Email - jonathanjablonski94@gmail.com

GitHub Profile - jonathan-jablonski



<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
<!-- https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links -->
[contributors-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/github_username/repo.svg?style=for-the-badge
[contributors-url]: https://github.com/github_username/repo/graphs/contributors
[forks-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/github_username/repo.svg?style=for-the-badge
[forks-url]: https://github.com/github_username/repo/network/members
[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/github_username/repo.svg?style=for-the-badge
[stars-url]: https://github.com/github_username/repo/stargazers
[issues-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/github_username/repo.svg?style=for-the-badge
[issues-url]: https://github.com/github_username/repo/issues
[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/github_username/repo.svg?style=for-the-badge
[license-url]: https://github.com/github_username/repo/blob/master/LICENSE.txt
[linkedin-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-black.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&colorB=555
[linkedin-url]: https://linkedin.com/in/github_username
